CMDCT-4443 torrent of serverless related removals (#15092)
Enterprise-CMCS/macpro-mdct-seds: services/database/README.md

As the files are no longer needed, a new folder will be created in the database folder for each
year and the old files moved there for historical retention as needed.

SEDS data is seeded to a developer's local + AWS environments dynamodb via the deployment/stacks/data.ts file.

When seeding data, it is important to remember that any records in a table with a matching partition key will be OVERWRITTEN as part of the update process.
Any records without a matching partition key will be inserted into the table.

## Seeding Data and Upper Environments

When new data needs to be added to the VAL or PROD environments, it can be pushed as part of the deployment using the deployment/stacks/data.ts file.

> Seeding data will only occur for !isDev environments like dev, val, and prod. However, because of the way the cdk is setup it will only happen on creation, not on updates to the custom resource that seeds the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Seeding data will only occur for `isDev` environments; never for master, val, or production. However, because of the way the cdk is setup it will only happen on environment creation, not on updates to the custom resource that seeds the data.
```
